Note: This data is described in a way that is not intended to suggest what
your database design should be!


Dive sites:

1.  Bloody Bay Marine Park is located in Little Cayman.  It offers
masks for $5 and fins for $10. It has a capacity of 10 people, and a
diver’s fee of $10. It has been rated 3 stars by Jim.

2. Widow Maker’s Cave at Montego Bay offers masks for $3 and fins for
$5. It has a capacity of 10 people, and charges $20 per diver. 0 stars
by Dwight, 1 star by Pam, and 2 by Jim.

3. Crystal Bay, located at Crystal Bay, offers fins for $5 and
wrist-mounted dive computers for $20. It has a capacity of 10 people,
and charges $15 per diver. (Andy 4 stars, Pam 5 stars, Micheal 2 stars
and Oscar 3 stars)

4. Batu Bolong is located at Batu Bolong, offering masks for $10 and
wrist-mounted dive computers for $30. It has a capacity of 10 people,
and charges $15 per diver.

Maria is a monitor with  a limit of 10 divers at a time, and
specifically 10 for open water, 5 for cave diving, and 5 for deep
water diving. Maria is affiliated with the first 3 dive sites. Maria
charges $25 for evening cave dives at Bloody Bay Marine Park, at Widow
Maker’s Cave $10 for morning open water dives, and $20 for morning
caves dives. At Crystal Bay she charges $15 for open water dives in
the afternoon, and finally at Batu Bolong she charges a whopping $30
for cave dives in the morning.

John  is a monitor with  a limit of 15 divers at a time. John is
affiliated with  Bloody Bay Marine Park and Crystal Bay. John charges
$15 at Bloody Bay Marine Park for morning cave dives.

Ben  is a monitor with  a limit of 15 divers at a time, and
specifically 15 for open water, 5 for cave diving, and 5 for deep
water diving. Ben is currently only affiliated with Widow Maker’s
Cave, charging $20 for morning cave dives.

Michael  (michael@dm.org) born 1967-03-15 booked Widow Maker’s Cave
with Maria on 2019-07-20 for an open water dive in the morning
(leaving a 2 star rating), and again the next morning for a cave dive
(0 stars).

Michael has added Dwight Schrute (dwight@dm.org), Jim Halpert
(jim@dm.org)  , Pam Beesly(pam@dm.org) and Andy (andy@dm.org) to his
first booking. Dwight and Jim are also booked on the second dive.

Next Michael booked Bloody Bay Marine Park with Ben (5 stars), on July
22 2019 for a cave dive in the morning, and is taking Jim with him
again.

Finally, for his fourth booking Micheal booked an evening dive on the
same dive with Maria at the same site, again for cave diving.

The last 3 bookings were made by Andy Bernard (andy@dm.org) born 10
October 1973.

Andy booked a dive with Maria on July 22 (leaving 1 star), accompanied
by Dwight, Jim, Pam, Michael, Phyllis and Oscar.  Finally, Andy booked
with  Ben on the 23rd (0 stars) and 24th of July 2019 (2 stars). The
22nd is an afternoon dive in open water, the 23rd and 24th are morning
cave dives.

Both Andy and Michael have a PADI certification.
